Update publish-sandbox.md (#1)
guscatalano/azure-docs: articles/virtual-desktop/publish-sandbox.md

1. Open the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com) and sign in.

2. Go to **Create a resource > Virtual Machine**.

3. In the **Basic** tab, for **Image** select **Windows 11 Enterprise multi-session- x64 Gen2**.

4. Follow the rest of the instructions to finish creating the virtual machine.

## Prepare the VHD image for Azure

Next, you'll need to create a master VHD image. If you haven't created your master VHD image yet, go to [Prepare and customize a master VHD image](set-up-customize-master-image.md) and follow the instructions there.

> After you've created your master VHD image, you must install the Windows Sandbox feature. To install it log in to your Virtual Machine through the **Remote Desktop Connection** App and open the Command Prompt to enter the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've created your master VHD image, you must install the Windows Sandbox feature. To install the VHD image, open the **Remote Desktop Connection** app and sign in to your virtual machine (VM), then open the command prompt and enter the following commands:
```

Once you've uploaded the VHD to Azure, create a host pool that's based on this new image by following the instructions in the [Create a host pool by using the Azure Marketplace](create-host-pools-azure-marketplace.md) tutorial.

## Publish Windows Sandbox on your host pool

> ### Option 1: Using the Azure Portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [Azure portal](#tab/azure)
```

Author: Since this is under the Publish Windows Sandbox heading could we format this as a subheading (### [Azure portal](#tab/azure))

> To publish Windows Sandbox to your host pool, log in to the portal and go to the [Manage app groups](manage-app-groups.md) section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish Windows Sandbox to your host pool:
```

> 1. Under "Application source" select "File Path"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to the Azure portal.
2. Under "Application source," select **File Path**.
```

> 2. Under "Application path" enter "C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For "Application path," enter **C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe**.
```

> 3. Enter "Windows Sandbox" in "Application Name"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enter **Windows Sandbox** into the "Application Name" field.

> ### Option 2: Using Powershell

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
```

Author: Could this also be a subheading? ### [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)

> 1.  Open Windows Powershell on your local machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish Windows Sandbox to your host pool using PowerShell:

1.  Open Windows PowerShell on your local machine.
```

> 2.  Log in to your Azure account using the following powershell command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Run the following command to sign in to your Azure account:
```

> ```cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```powershell
```

> az login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  az login
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  
```

> Set-AzContext -Tenant [Workspace Tenant Id] -Subscription [Workspace Subscription Id]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Set-AzContext -Tenant <Workspace Tenant ID> -Subscription <Workspace Subscription ID>
```

> ```

Reviewer: GitHub won't let me edit this, but please move it two spaces to the right to align it with the rest of the code block, then make a line break between the end tag of this code block and step 3.

> 3.  Creat a Sandbox Remote App using the following powershell command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command to create a Sandbox remote app:

```

> ```cmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```powershell
```

> New-AzWvdApplication -ResourceGroupName [Resource Group Name] -GroupName [Application Group Name] -FilePath 'C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe' -IconIndex 0 -IconPath 'C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe' -CommandLineSetting 'Allow' -ShowInPortal:$true -SubscriptionId [Workspace Subscription Id]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New-AzWvdApplication -ResourceGroupName <Resource Group Name> -GroupName <Application Group Name> -FilePath 'C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe' -IconIndex 0 -IconPath 'C:\windows\system32\WindowsSandbox.exe' -CommandLineSetting 'Allow' -ShowInPortal:$true -SubscriptionId <Workspace Subscription ID>
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please indent this whole code block the way I did the previous code block so it fits under the step.

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

>[!NOTE]
```

> >This will prompt you for an app Name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>After running this command, you'll be given a prompt to name the app. Fill out the prompt to continue.
```

Reviewer: ...Should this maybe be step 4 instead of a note?

> 

Reviewer: You'll need to add three dashes at the end of these two paragraphs for the tab formatting to work, like this: `---`

I can't do it myself in the Git comments because the way the Git website processes code screws it up and doesn't make it display properly.

That's it! Leave the rest of the options defaults. You should now have Windows Sandbox published for your users. For reference your Remote Desktop app should now look like this:

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106349886/170580444-71f221d8-348c-4124-8e88-94c0275b0f4c.png)

Reviewer: Please use an image saved directly to the media folder in the virtual-docs docset on our local repo. External links aren't vetted by Microsoft, may cause legal issues if they involve branding from other companies, and can break.
